I'm binky's don't hear you and welcome
to Dave's cook kitchen
the show where I put my cooking skills
to test against some of our kid judges
dude we'll see if I have what it takes
to compete as a cook on cook
today we're making smoked salmon and
bagel eggs benedict with tomato and
avocado a perfect brunch snack
we have smoked salmon we have tomatoes
we have avocado I'm gonna garnish with a
little bit of basil
we have eggs we have butter it's all
here and now it's so exciting and
remember kids if you're cooking make
sure you have adult supervision but
let's get to it how this goes a little
bit different because we're gonna poach
our eggs instead of frying them to poach
an egg you need some boiling water and
you crack the egg and then you open it
up over the boiling water kind of cool
right and the egg will actually just sit
together there and we're gonna keep
going it looked like they're poaching
nicely now while the eggs are cooking
I'm gonna start preparing my bagels I've
got my smoked salmon here I'm just gonna
lay it on some people don't like smoked
salmon but I love it people who like
smoked salmon whoa smoked salmon I'm
gonna grab my handy green red knife over
here but I like it better for cutting
tomatoes cuz it's a serrated edge we're
gonna lay my tomato slices down on the
bagels look at that the orange and red
the beginning of a rainbow beginning of
a rainbow for last two slices down here
and onto the avocado I'll cut it in
avocado takes serious technique good
thing Dave's got it I'm gonna take my
little baby orange over here and I'm
just gonna do a big cut around it's a
big seat in the middle that's guiding
the knife through the avocado
I'm gonna get my hand a little bit mushy
and I'm just gonna be left with a little
brick seed I'm gonna cut up my avocado
into nice thin slices and then I'm gonna
put my avocado slices onto my bagel
it looks beautiful look at how fantastic
these look like little beautiful egg
eyeballs right on top of the bagel
they're goofy and they slide right on
we're adding our nice white and yellow
to our orange red and green bagel it
looks so beautiful the colors are all
coming together marvelously the base of
our hollandaise is a mixture of egg
yolks and butter they're sitting in a
bowl on top of a boiling pot and I'm
just gonna finish it off by whisking in
a little bit of butter and here we go
I'm gonna squeeze in a little bit of
lemon and I'm gonna use my fingers to
make sure I don't drop in any seeds just
like that because I'm just as good as
the chef's on cooked the judges are
gonna love this I'm gonna sprinkle in
some seasoning live in a salt a little
bit of pepper whisk that around a little
bit more indeed cook kitchen the only
place you'll want to be whisking away
once the hollandaise is ready we're
gonna take our cooks silver spoon and
we're gonna drizzle it over top of all
of our other ingredients there's gonna
be so delicious and you can let it drip
down the sides don't be shy
and we're gonna finish it off with a
garnish now on cook they use mint but
this is Dave's cook kitchen so I'm gonna
use basil I love to smell my basil
wrinkle it on the beauty of Eggs
Benedict on a bagel we are here with
Cooke judges McQuillen hunter thank you
so much for being here I've prepared for
you smoked salmon eggs benedict one of
my favorite dishes dig in and try it
Michaela goes for a little bit of egg
under take some egg Michaela falls up
with some smoked salmon 100 get right in
there I like that nice big bites all
right hunter what do you think
all right know everything about it
that's an excellent review Michaela what
do you think I loved it I cannot think
there's any eggs benedict in the world
butter for this what based on this dish
do I have what it takes to be a cook
uncooked yes that's what I was looking
for this has been Dave's cook kitchen
see you here next time give me a taste
cook kitchen on three one two three
James good kitchen for more Dave's cook
kitchen click Subscribe I think it's
down somewhere down there so we're doing